WHO are we empathizing with?                        
	Who is the person we want to understand?		      		
	Customer
	
	What is the situation they are in?			          		
	unsure whether to buy a holiday package or not
	
	What is their role in the situation?			        	
	consumer / customer
	
What do they need to DO?                            			
	What do they need to do differently?	
	
	
	What job(s) do they want or need to get done?	    		
	They want to go to holiday at a reasonable price
	
	What decision(s) do they need to make?		        	
	To select the most optimal holiday package that is suitable for them
	
	How will we know they were successful?		        	
	They are able to select and buy the best holiday package for them
	
What do they SEE?                                   	
	What do they see in the marketplace?		           	
	They see lots of holiday destinations at different prices
	
	What do they see in their immediate environment? 		
	A lot of people are going on holidays every now and then
	
	What do they see others saying and doing?		      	
	Holidays are very enjoyable and everywhere you go is an exploration	
	
	What are they watching and reading?
	Different articles on what is the best holiday destination and try to find a location suitable for them
What do they SAY?                                   		
	What have we heard them say?			                	
	Planning holidays are stressful
	
	What can we imagine them saying?
	Selecting the right holiday destinatinon is not easy
	
What do they DO?                                    		
	What do they do today?	
	Regular people stuff doing things on the go, either work or buying products from other retail store
	
	What behavior have we observed?	
	Regular people stuff
	
	What can we imagine them doing?	
	Every day routines that they built for themselves
	
What do they HEAR?                                			
	What are they hearing others say?
	Finding the right holiday is hard
	
	What are they hearing from friends?
	You should explore a place that you are not familiar with
	
	What are they hearing from colleagues?	
	There are many places that are good and these include ... You should explore them
	
	What are they hearing second-hand?
	Holidays are not easy to choose
	
What do they THINK and FEEL?								
	Pains What are their fears, frustrations, and anxieties?
	Gains What are their wants, needs, hopes and dreams?
	Fears
	-Not being able to select the right holiday location for them
	Gains
	-Being able to select the right holiday

What other thoughts and feelings might motivate their behavior?
Wanting to explore 
The feeling of exploration and adventure would invoke these behaviour of wanting to go on a holiday
