WHO are we empathizing with?
	Who is the person we want to understand?		
	The person that we want to understand is Relationship manager
	
	What is the situation they are in?			
	To work and improve on customer service in the CMC(house call management system)
	
	What is their role in the situation?			
	Their role in the situation is to:
	-Perform sales on holiday packages
	-Improve call routing and dynamic flow call for both inbound and outbound calls
	
What do they need to DO?
	What do they need to do differently?
	They try to further understand people's personality and understand what people want out of the product in certain
	regions
	
	What job(s) do they want or need to get done?	
	The job that they need to get done is:
	-To provide exceptional service to customer looking for a holiday package 
	What decision(s) do they need to make?	
	The decision that they need to make is to find a way to exploit what a customer wants and try to sell it to them
	
	How will we know they were successful?	
	-We know when they are successful when the complete the job and find out what customers want and 
	are able to sell it to them
	-Able to do their job consistently
	
What do they SEE?
	What do they see in the marketplace?		
	Holiday products that other companies are trying to sell
	
	What do they see in their immediate environment? 
	Customers - To serve people in their services
	Employees - People who hire the relationship managers
	
	What do they see others saying and doing?
	People say that learning about the customer is the most essential aspect to get a product sold 
	Other companies are doing about the same
	
	What are they watching and reading?
	How to get better at their job
	
What do they SAY?
	What have we heard them say?
	Relationship managers is the best role to attract customers into buying your product
	
	What can we imagine them saying?
	Relational managers is a good job and it is the job for me
	
What do they DO?
	What do they do today?	
	They still sell product to other people by trying to find customer's interest
	
	What behavior have we observed?	
	Very enthusiastic and to the point
	
	What can we imagine them doing?
	Talking to many customers and understanding what they want out of a holiday gift
	
What do they HEAR?
	What are they hearing others say?
	Relational managers might not be for them
	Relational managers is the best career to understand people
	
	What are they hearing from friends?	
	Relational manager is the best thing to do for people with a bold personality
	
	What are they hearing from colleagues?		
	Relational manager is the best role for people who want to understand people better
	
	What are they hearing second-hand?		
	Relational manager is a hard job and it takes a while to get good at it
What do they THINK and FEEL?
	Pains What are their fears, frustrations, and anxieties?
	Fears
	-They might be judged for being a relational manager
	-Relational managers might not be the right career path for them
	
	Gains What are their wants, needs, hopes and dreams?	
	-To do well in their career
	-To understand customers better and the target market
	
What other thoughts and feelings might motivate their behavior?
Their feelings for their job is passionate and they want to do better to provide better customer service in their field
and also they want to understand what people would buy in their holiday package.
Their drive to their behaviour is due to the goals that they set in life and also wanting to try and be the best at their job.
